readme.md, before:

# Framer Server

An unofficial boilerplate for hosting a local server that serves [Framer.js](https://github.com/koenbok/Framer) prototypes generated with the [Framer Generator](http://framerjs.com/static/downloads/Framer.zip) across your devices with [livereload](http://livereload.com).

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/charliecm/framer-server/gh-pages/images/framer-server-ios-test.png)

## Setup

Install [node](http://nodejs.org) dependencies from your terminal:

        npm install

Then run `grunt` to start a local server at `http://0.0.0.0:4000`. Access it server from your other devices through `http://[your.local.ip.address]:4000`.

Put your Framer prototypes inside `projects/`. General folder structure should look something like:

        projects/
            prototype1/
                prototype1.sketch
                prototype1.framer/
                    app.js
                    index.html
                    framer/
                    images/
                    imported/
                    ...
            prototype2/
                ...

The server is setup to redirect from `prototype1/` to `prototype1/prototype1.framer` as the `prototype1.framer` folder is generated by Framer Generator alongside your Sketch/Photoshop file.

## iOS Snippet

Add this snippet in the `<head>` of `index.html` to enable iOS fullscreen mode when adding the page to homescreen:

        <meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-capable" content="yes">
        <meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style" content="black">
        <meta name="format-detection" content="telephone=no">
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=750,initial-scale=0.5,user-scalable=no">
        <link rel="apple-touch-icon-precomposed" href="apple-touch-icon-precomposed.png">

Be sure to adjust the viewport `width` and `initial-scale` to match your prototype target screen size.

Commit message:

Add "Offline Support" section to readme.

readme.md, after:

# Framer Server

An unofficial boilerplate for hosting a local server that serves [Framer.js](https://github.com/koenbok/Framer) prototypes generated with the [Framer Generator](http://framerjs.com/static/downloads/Framer.zip) across your devices with [livereload](http://livereload.com).

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/charliecm/framer-server/gh-pages/images/framer-server-ios-test.png)

## Setup

Install [node](http://nodejs.org) dependencies from your terminal:

        npm install

Then run `grunt` to start a local server at `http://0.0.0.0:4000`. Access it server from your other devices through `http://[your.local.ip.address]:4000`.

Put your Framer prototypes inside `projects/`. General folder structure should look something like:

        projects/
            prototype1/
                prototype1.sketch
                prototype1.framer/
                    app.js
                    index.html
                    framer/
                    images/
                    imported/
                    ...
            prototype2/
                ...

The server is setup to redirect from `prototype1/` to `prototype1/prototype1.framer` as the `prototype1.framer` folder is generated by Framer Generator alongside your Sketch/Photoshop file.

## Offline Support

Your prototypes are available offline after retrieving it once from your local server. The build script will generate a `cache.manifest` file in your project's Framer folder to allow browsers with [HTML5 application cache](http://diveintohtml5.info/offline.html) support to store the assets for offline use.

To disable offline, you can go into `Gruntfile.js` and set `enableOffline` to `false`:

        // User preferences
        var preferences = {
            enableOffline: false,
            projectsPath: 'projects/'
        };

## iOS Snippet

Add this snippet in the `<head>` of `index.html` to enable iOS fullscreen mode when adding the page to homescreen:

        <meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-capable" content="yes">
        <meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style" content="black">
        <meta name="format-detection" content="telephone=no">
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=750,initial-scale=0.5,user-scalable=no">
        <link rel="apple-touch-icon-precomposed" href="apple-touch-icon-precomposed.png">

Be sure to adjust the viewport `width` and `initial-scale` to match your prototype target screen size.
